Add admin API to run background jobs (#11352)
matrix-org/synapse: docs/usage/administration/admin_api/background_updates.md

```

There is also a `GET` version which returns the `enabled` state.

## Run

> This API runs specific background updates. The job starts immediately after calling the API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This API schedules a specific background update to run. The job starts immediately after calling the API.
```

The API is:

```
POST /_synapse/admin/v1/background_updates/start_job
```

with the following body:

```json
{
    "job_name": "populate_stats_process_rooms"
}
```

> The API returns the `job_name` param.

Reviewer: Why return the `job_name`?

Author: There is no special reason. What is better? Any ideas?Return nothing? Only status `200`?

Reviewer: I'm not sure, I think just a `200` would be fine? I see that the enable API returns something similar, but I don't see the point in returning an input parameter?

Author: Done
